*ABOUT US*
PURE HEART ISLAMIC FOUNDATION OF NIGERIA - PHF

Purity of the heart they say, is the purity of the deen(Islam) and a pure heart is that spotless mirror through which the images of the beauty of Islam and good moral values are reflected. It is on this basis that the Pure Heart Islamic Foundation Of Nigeria was established. It is a foundation erected on the pristine of sound Islamic ideology, a vibrant and dynamic entity established to build a virile community where the fear of God is imprinted in the hearts of men as the fear of God they say, is the beginning of wisdom.

Pure Heart Islamic foundation as the name implies is laced with high moral virtues and principles capable of ensuring peace and stability in the community.

With the Youth at the center of attraction, the foundation is set to build a community of Muslims where the youth are at the peak of academic, religious, and moral excellence. Pure Heart Islamic Foundation is dedicated and committed to ensuring unwavering support to the Muslim community, especially the youth and to ensure that brotherhood and peaceful coexistence are held in high esteem.

*MISSION/VISION STATEMENT:*

Ensuring a pure nation through the possession of pure hearts by Muslim youths using: Preaching, Education, Motivation, Good Morals, and exemplary lifestyles.

*MOTTO:* 
"Returning to Allah with Pure Heart". Q26 vs 89 

*SLOGAN:* 
Pure Heart, Pure Nation

*OUR GOALS:*

(a)
To bring about a peaceful world by advocating for peaceful
coexistence especially amongst Youth in Nigeria.

(b) Building A Pristine Islamic Personality In Muslim Youth In Nigeria

(c) Catering For The Well-being Of People And Muslims Especially The
Youth Amongst Them.

(d) Building a virile community where virtues and fear of God are
embraced.

*WHAT WE DO:*

*Spiritual upliftment:*
We are saddled with the responsibility to ensure that the spiritual progress of our youth does not take the back seat but is at the front burner of society. This is achieved by instilling a high level of spirituality in them through our annual and monthly programs to make them better representatives of Islam.

*Academic Excellence:*
We create an avenue for opportunities, academic growth, and skill development of our youth through our programs, lectures, and conferences to ensure progress in the education parlance.

*Welfarism of the people:*
Welfarism of the Muslim ummah is our core priority especially the youth being at the center. We ensure adequate provision and support for our members financially and morally.

*Building a strong Personality of Muslim youth:* 
It is our pride to develop vibrant and ambitious youths who will take up the mantle of leadership in various fields in the future.

Our Programmes:

*Monthly Programmes*
Assembly of Muslim Prefects and Leaders (AMPAL). This program allows the gathering of Muslim prefects and leaders across schools in Ogun State to converge and discuss the progress and welfare of Muslim students. It 
takes place every first  Saturday of the months
at Oke Shokori Central Mosque.

*ANNUAL PROGRAM*
Pre BECE Exam is a pre-examination meant to test and access students who are sitting for the BECE examination to ensure they excel in their academic endeavors.

International Youth Day.

 Every January 12th marks the day for the celebration of International Youth Day across the globe and it is a day meant to commemorate and celebrate the youths for their invaluable contributions to society and how to add positive values to themselves. As part of the effort of Pure Heart Islamic Foundation to key into this development, we organize a seminar for the Muslim youth to encourage them to be the best in their various fields.
 
Teachers Day.

This is a program that celebrates teachers' efforts in Ogun State for their doggedness, tenacity, hard work, perseverance, and valuable contributions to students' lives and the education sector at large. The programs present awards to seven deserving public and private teachers across Ogun State and it usually comes up every October 5th

 International Girl's Day.

International Girl's Day is remarkable in history as it is celebrated every October 11th. It is a day meant to recognize girls' rights and the unique challenges girls face around the World. It is on this basis Pure Heart Islamic Foundation focuses its attention on the need to address the challenges of Muslim girls and to promote Muslimah's empowerment and the fulfillment of their rights.


Pure Heart Annual Sister's Summit ( PASS)

This program is targeted at Muslims (female Muslim folks) and it is aimed at the reformation, growth, and development of the female gender in all respect. The summit brings to the fore trending issues affecting the Muslim female gender and how to proffer solutions to them, be it in the health, religion, social, or education parlance. It discusses burning issues about the Muslimah ranging from mental health awareness, excelling at one's career, and how to be a successful Muslimah in all endeavors, etc.

Pure Heart Modelling Camp (PMC) is an annual and general camping program for Muslims to nurture and reform their minds. Lectures, seminars, and training are organized during the camp to sensitize the youth against societal ills and vices and to inspire them to attain success in life.

With Pure Heart Islamic Foundation, a pure Islamic environment is assured.

CONTACT INFO: +234 704 227 9642
+234 816 118 8334

SOCIAL MEDIA HANDLES:

Instagram:
phf_ogun

Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/phfogun.org?mibextid=ZbWKwL

WhatsApp:
https://chat.whatsapp.com/1J1CSrbQRFgFU7zRl6DhD1